.\" Manpage for LBPH.
.\" Contact hethsron-jedael.boueya@uha.fr to correct errors or typos.
.TH LBPH 8 "23th October 2020" "0.0.1" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
.B LBPH
\- starting facial recognition 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B main.py
.RI "[OPTION] ... [SOURCE] ..."
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B LBPH
is a facial recognition software based on machine learning and LBPH algorithm, whose objective is, from the incoming image, to find a series of data of the same face in a set of training images in a database.
.SH OPTIONS
.B LBP
take some options. Mandatory arguments to long options are mandatory for short options too.
.TP
.B -c, --capture
capture 50 pictures of specific person from camera
.TP
.B -h, --help
display this help and exit
.TP
.B -i, --image
identify a person from a digital image (from [SOURCE] that could be a JPEG or JPG file)
.TP
.B -r, --recognize
identify a person from a streaming from connected camera device
.TP
.B -t, --train
train the model with pre-classified samples of images
.TP
.B -v, --version
display the version of the software and exit
.SH EXAMPLES
Some examples of common usage.
.SH NOTES
All above options are not muttually exclusive and cannot be used together.
.SH EXIT STATUS
If requirements are not installed on the system, this program will end with exit status.
.SH SEE ALSO
Full documentation at : <https://github.com/Hethsron/lbph>
.SH REPORTING BUGS
No known bugs.
.SH AUTHOR
Written and maintained by Hethsron Jedael BOUEYA (hethsron-jedael.boueya@uha.fr)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2020  Hethsron Jedael BOUEYA
.PP
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.
.PP
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
.PP
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA